Suresh Victor 
Career Objective   

To build high quality, scalable products which people love.
I’m a person with a strong positive attitude, who can take up responsibilities, with clear motivation and a hardworking nature to complete and prove myself in this competitive world. 
The objective is to apply my knowledge of technology and management skills in an innovative and productive way to build the best products which people love to use. Building Rockstar teams, ‘getting things done’

Professional Experiences 


Co-Founder at Assetworks AI                            (Mar 2025 - Present) - Bangalore

Co-founded and led AssetWorks, an AI-powered financial analytics platform enabling users to create sophisticated investment widgets through natural language queries. Built full-stack SaaS product integrating Claude AI and OpenAI GPT with Rust backend and Flutter mobile apps, 

SVP Product and Tech at Cox & Kings                (Oct 2024 - Present) - Bangalore

Building first personalised experience in travel tech. Put together a team of Senior executives, reviewed the budget and plan for the future. Moving out as the plan changed from a SaaS to Franchisee model. 


Product Lead at CaptainFresh                         (May 2021 - Oct 2024) - Bangalore

I lead the overall product of CaptainFresh, building the product and product team from the scratch, building first in the industry products for a century old industry. Playing an active part in most of the long term Roadmap. 

Product Lead at CoinDCX                                 (Aug 2019 - May 2021) - Mumbai

I was leading the overall product of CoinDCX with multiple products like DCXInsta, DCXTrade, DCXMargin, DCXFutures on both mobile App and desktop web. Built a team of 3 product managers and closely involved in all leadership discussions and company level decisions. 

Product Manager at Hopscotch                         (July 2018 - Aug 2019) - Mumbai

As a part of the product team at Hopscotch, I have been actively looking into both the demand and supply side products for e-commerce products. I’m focusing on a high level long term product roadmap for the company and building both internal tools for managing day-to-day operations and user-facing products. 






Senior Product Manager at Babychakra                 (Jan 2017 - July 2018) - Mumbai

Babychakra as a product, includes Web (Mobile and Desktop), Android App and yet to release iOS app. Retention and Stickiness of Babychakra app users has increased by at least 42% and 21% respectively in 8 months. Web platform was completely revamped for a better user experience. Built Product Marketplace in both web and app. 


Product Manager at Kleverkid (Jul 2015 - Oct 2016) - New Delhi

My primary task was to manage the product feature requirements, timeline and development team. Process involving full Product life cycle, scalability and performance. Holding the team to strict deadlines and expectations. Managing the KleverKid Apps both Android and iOS app requirements, timeline and team. Also designed wireframes and product flow using various software. Hands on experience in User Interface and User Experience of both Website and Mobile Application.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Have also worked with few other startups like Docpulse Technologies and Finomena for short term or contract basis to solve specific problems faced by the companies. Also built a team for my own start-up, Smatrx Infosoft for 1 year. A webapp for schools to guide the students. 

Manager Administration at Rhythms Academy (Jan 2013 - May 2015) - Bangalore


My role was mostly involved understanding the process involved in Extracurricular school’s market and functions. Designed the base architecture and plan a unique customised webapp (CMIS) for managing the institute’s day to day activities like admissions, attendance and fee management with the help of Maharashtra Infosoft. 



Other Experiences


Creative Coordinator (2010 - 2013)


Artist’s Forum is a proactive club in NITK Surathkal.
Artist’s Forum actively involves conducting events, exciting workshops, organising interactions with professional artists, hosting exhibitions to showcase talented student artists.






Joint Secretary at ENGINEER (2010 - 2013)


Engineer feast is the annual technical festival of NITK Surathkal
That brought together CERN, MIT Media and BELL Labs and catered to a participation pool of over 5000 students over 150 colleges across 43 countries. I was one of the organising core team member with overall responsibilities of the feast ENGINEER 2012.


SAC - Students Activity Center Coordinator (2010 - 2013)


Incident is the annual Cultural festival of NITK Surathkal
Incident is the Biggest Cultural Fest in Karnataka. It was first conducted in 1970 and has grown exponentially in stature over the years to become one of the largest cultural festivals in South India.I was one of the organizing core team member to take care of SAC (Students Activities Center


Education  Qualification


2009-2013: National Institute of technology Karnataka, Surathkal, Mangalore, Karnataka B.Tech with 51.00 % (Chemical Engineering)

2007-2009: St. Joseph’s Pre University, FM Cariappa Road, Bangalore, Karnataka PUC with
55.16 % (Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, Biology)

2007: Tilak Memorial English High School, Magadi Road, Bangalore, Karnataka SSLC with
77.60 % ( First language-English, Second Language-Kannada)


Software, Design and other Technical Expertise  


Programming Languages : C, C++, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP Laravel.
Operating Systems : Windows 95/98/2000/XP, GNU/Linux, Ubuntu.
Software Skills : Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft Office, GIMP, Sony Vegas.
Other Courses: Human Interaction Design, Users experience research analysis. 

Projects


Summer Intern: Project was to find out the reason for irregular deposition of chromium metal on aircraft spares. And find a formula to overcome the irregular deposition.
Position : Project trainee
Project duration : 2 Months (1 June- 20 July)
Project Location : Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Bangalore Project category: Individual
Certified id : LCA/HR(TM)/46/2124/20011 Guide : Gunaseelan – External Guide,Mohit Singla – mentor DGM Aircraft Division


Certificates

Core organizing member: Team INCIDENT 2013 
Position: Coordinator Students Activity Center

Core organizing member: Team ENGINEER 2012 
Position: Joint Secretary

Core Club member :Artists Forum 
Position: Creative Coordinator

Robotics Workshop :Swarm Robotics Workshop 
By: Thinklabs, SINE IIT Bombay 2010

Photography Workshop :Engineer 2011 
Science Quiz – Engineer 2010 & 2011
2nd Place in Chemical Breakdown - Engineer 2010
2nd Place College Level Painting Competition 2009


Received Verified Coursera certificates on Product Management, Project Management, User Interface and User Experience.


Strengths


Highly motivated and technically skilled. My forte is quick understanding and adaptability with very good communication, Management, Organizing, Leadership skills, Logical thinking, self-confidence, Curious to learn new things, Photography, Project planning, Team Leadership, Organizing, Creativity, Art, Designing, Documentation, Communication skills, Management, Planning and Operations, Coordination, Responsibility, Critical thinking skills, Collaboration skills, Numeracy, Problem solving, analytical thinking, Relationships building abilities, Adaptability, Problem Solver.


Hobbies


I read books, mostly non fiction. I travel and try to capture some good memories. I recently started writing online about life and everything else. 



Personal Details 


Father: M Elangovan
Mother: A Savariammal
Date of Birth: 4th March 1992
Marital Status: Unmarried
Languages: English, Kannada, Tamil, Hindi, and Telugu.

Permanent address:
Suresh E
S/o M Elangovan
#53 Elangovan Illam 
5th Cross, Bhuvaneshwari Layout
Naganathapura 
Bangalore - 560100


Contact Number: +91 9535710101
Email: sureshthejosephite@gmail.com